Building Logistic Model
1) Want to build 2 models 
	Logistic Model 1 - Probability of a fire ignition per day.
	Logistic Model 2 - Probability of a large fire given an ignition.  

	Fire ignition - fire ignition of any size (0.26 acres to 5000+ acres).
	Large fire ignition - fire ignition of size larger than 100+ acres.

2) Data 
	9 entries w/ no wind speed/direction information were removed from the dataset.
	Logistic model 1: 2503 fire ignitions out of 5590 days
	Logistic model 2: 151 large fire ignitions 2503 

3) Potential Predictors - ERC(G), average wind speed, max wind gust, mean wind direction

4) Correlation Matrix - max wind speed and ave wind gust are highly correlated, so only keep one
			keep one w/ lowest p-value? ave_wind_speed

5) Univariable analysis w/ ERC(G), average wind speed and mean wind direction 
	logistic models are built w/ each predictor variable. All variables w/ a p-value of lower than 0.25 are kept 
	for mulitvariable analysis.
	cutoff value of 0.25 supported by literature (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4828741/)	

	Model 1 - all have a p-value lower than 0.25

	Model 2 - ERC and ave_wind_speed have a p-value lower than 0.25 so can be included for multivariable regression, 
		  mean wind direction should be discarded.

6) Multivariable model comparisons
	
	Model 1.1 average wind speed, mean wind direction, ERC
	mean wind direction has a p-value of 0.262 (>0.01), can be excluded

	Model 1.2 average wind speed, ERC

	Changes in coefficient values are negligible from each model so mean wind direction 
	is excluded from future analysis.

	Model 2.1 average wind speed, mean wind direction, ERC
	mean wind direction has a p-value of 0.215 (>0.01), can be excluded

	Model 2.2 average wind speed, ERC

	Changes in coefficient values are negligible from each model so mean wind direction 
	is excluded from future analysis.

7)  Test linearity assumption
	
	Logit plots produced to test linear assumption between predictor variables and logit

	Model 1: Linear assumption holds for ERC and average wind speed

	Model 2: Non-linear relationships observed for both ERC and average wind speed
	Model 2.3 - ERC polynomial order 2 and polynomial average wind speed order 2

8) Influential Analysis 
	Note that, not all outliers are influential observations. 
	To check whether the data contains potential influential observations, 
	the standardized residual error can be inspected. 
	Data points with an absolute standardized residuals above 3 represent possible outliers and may deserve closer attention.

	For both models there are no influential values that need to be removed from the dataset

9) Likelihood test
	Model 1
	It is found that a model w/ just ERC is as statistcally significant as ERC & and average wind speed

	Model 2
`	Its is found that the polynomial model is just as statistically significant as linear.	 